Add DEMetropolisZ stepper (#3784)
pymc-devs/pymc: RELEASE-NOTES.md

### New features
- use [fastprogress](https://github.com/fastai/fastprogress) instead of tqdm [#3693](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3693)
- `DEMetropolis` can now tune both `lambda` and `scaling` parameters, but by default neither of them are tuned. See [#3743](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3743) for more info.

> - `DEMetropolisZ`, an improved variant of `DEMetropolis` brings better parallelization and high efficiency with few chains with a slower initial convergence. This implementation is experimental. See [#3784](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3784) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DEMetropolisZ`, an improved variant of `DEMetropolis` brings better parallelization and higher efficiency with fewer chains with a slower initial convergence. This implementation is experimental. See [#3784](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3784) for more info.
```

> - `DEMetropolisZ`, an improved variant of `DEMetropolisZ` brings better parallelization and high efficiency with few chains with a slower initial convergence. This implementation is experimental. See [#3784](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3784) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DEMetropolisZ`, an improved variant of `DEMetropolis` brings better parallelization and high efficiency with few chains with a slower initial convergence. This implementation is experimental. See [#3784](https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/pull/3784) for more info.
```

> - Notebooks that give insight into `DEMetropolis`, `DEMetropolisZ` and the `DifferentialEquation` interface are now located in the [Tutorials/Deep Dive]() section.

Reviewer: Need link.
